Update README (#19)
invenia/TagBotGitLab: README.md

A minimal clone of [TagBot](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/TagBot) for registries hosted on GitLab.

> Automatically merges merge requests that were made to register new versions of package, creates tags, and sets the corresponding release notes when Julia packages are registered in a private registry repository hosted on GitLab.

Reviewer: I think this reads a bit easier?

```suggestion
Automatically merges MRs which were made to register new versions of a package.
Create tags, and set the corresponding release notes when Julia packages are registered in a private registry hosted on GitLab.
```

> Automatically merges merge requests that were made to register new versions of package, creates tags, and sets the corresponding release notes when Julia packages are registered in a private registry repository hosted on GitLab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Automatically merges merge requests that were made to register new versions of a package, creates tags, and sets the corresponding release notes when Julia packages are registered in a private registry repository hosted on GitLab.
```

> The merge requests originate from a private Registrator deployment (see [Registrator.jl](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl)) but this can be used on any GitLab repository where you wan the same actions to happen independently from where the MRs originate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The merge requests originate from a private Registrator deployment (see [Registrator.jl](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl)) but this can be used on any GitLab repository where you want the same actions to happen independently from where the MRs originate.
```

> The merge requests originate from a private Registrator deployment (see [Registrator.jl](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl)) but this can be used on any GitLab repository where you wan the same actions to happen independently from where the MRs originate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The merge requests originate from a private Registrator deployment (see [Registrator.jl](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl)) but this can be used on any GitLab repository where you want the same actions to happen independently from where the MRs originate.
```
